bpo-39377: json: Remove encoding option. (#18075)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-01-20-13-00-35.bpo-39377.QSFdaU.rst

> Removed ``encodign`` option from :func:`json.loads`.  It was deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed ``encoding`` option from :func:`json.loads`.  It has been deprecated
```
